---
title: "BORN THIS WAY, BABY"
subtitle: null
date: "October 19th, 2014"
order: 36
type: "story"
categories: []
coverImage: "/photos/born-this-way-baby/000-photo.jpg"
photos:
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/001-dhsm50eppiafw29i6xicbmjczl7hkt96xyf0.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/002-orakem6j8fuk57b9tq3c40e89llerk9woudh.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/003-uphd0ip0tryq4cxrkf19dw9u5w3a0pb9uapn.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/004-g1bmxpexkzeel8fr6trjf2ikplh257b92gfl.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/005-o9x78u9feuj1c3diswb7uhx5rg5mte29zuad.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/006-n68z0mwwozp8pviqnuxtrkx26dbcsorqc75c.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/007-re1rfc1znkqn0zfrvc82r16xn5pl23xre3p1.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/008-asgc189rig7rpb9yt8a8itdojn61orzjwaaf.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/009-10iq2h6q2emw8kt9zfj5swfwn5ukgldi59np.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/010-70y2r57vff3fecdi74gcfn4i8hy0t3xrubf7.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/011-ph_jg9l8ba69uqazrny.jpg"
  - "/photos/born-this-way-baby/012-ph_log7wlnpvdpmhx0i.jpg"
description: "If you know me well, you’ll know I love Lady Gaga, ever since she released her first big hit back in 2008. On Friday night I attended The ArtRave, her latest show in Dublin at the o2 Arena. It was amazing. I had so much fun and it reminded me why I’m such a huge fan. Although I didn’t bring my camera with me on this occasion, it inspired me to share a collection of my photos from past shows when I snuck my DSLR into the arenas and shot from the crowd. The picture below was taken at The Fame Ball tour in February 2010. Though I’d first watched her perform live when she was touring with The Pussycat Dolls the year before, this was the first Lady Gaga concert I attended, and I was blown away. "
footnotes: "See more of my Gaga shots on my Flickr stream https://www.flickr.com/photos/tinyspark_boom/sets"
---
[{"title":"Papa-paparazzi","text":"<p>If you know me well, you’ll know I love Lady Gaga, ever since she released her first big hit back in 2008. On Friday night I attended The ArtRave, her latest show in Dublin at the o2 Arena. It was amazing. I had so much fun and it reminded me why I’m such a huge fan. Although I didn’t bring my camera with me on this occasion, it inspired me to share a collection of my photos from past shows when I snuck my DSLR into the arenas and shot from the crowd. </p><p>The picture below was taken at The Fame Ball tour in February 2010. Though I’d first watched her perform live when she was touring with The Pussycat Dolls the year before, this was the first Lady Gaga concert I attended, and I was blown away. </p><p> </p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/001-dhsm50eppiafw29i6xicbmjczl7hkt96xyf0.jpg"]},{"title":"The monster ball","text":"<p>Later in 2010, I attended The Monster Ball at The Odyssey Arena in Belfast. I queued for hours in Northern Ireland’s chilling winter weather to secure my place in front row. </p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/002-orakem6j8fuk57b9tq3c40e89llerk9woudh.jpg","/photos/born-this-way-baby/003-uphd0ip0tryq4cxrkf19dw9u5w3a0pb9uapn.jpg"]},{"title":"prime pOSITION","text":"<p>Another spectacular show, with tons of costume and set changes. I took hundreds of photos that night, using just a 50mm prime lens on a Sony A55. </p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/004-g1bmxpexkzeel8fr6trjf2ikplh257b92gfl.jpg"]},{"title":"The Highlight","text":"<p>Of course, the hours of queueing in the rain was completely worth it in this moment, when Gaga sat at edge of the stage, right in front of me. I remember being so happy that when I called her name and gave her a peace sign, she smiled and peaced me back! (I was such a fan girl, seriously). </p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/005-o9x78u9feuj1c3diswb7uhx5rg5mte29zuad.jpg","/photos/born-this-way-baby/006-n68z0mwwozp8pviqnuxtrkx26dbcsorqc75c.jpg"]},{"title":"I LOVE THAT LAVENDER BLONDE","text":"<p>The shot below is my favourite photo I’ve taken of Lady Gaga at any of her shows. I loved how the stage lights formed a halo effect behind her. I was also extremely pleased when I noticed a concert photographer I’d admired for so long complimented the shot on my Flickr. </p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/007-re1rfc1znkqn0zfrvc82r16xn5pl23xre3p1.jpg"]},{"title":"The Born This Way Ball","text":"Her largest show in Ireland took place at The Aviva Stadium in Dublin. My friends and I travelled down to watch her perform some of our favourite songs. Again I brought along my DSLR, together with my trusty nifty fifty. <p> </p><p>One of the best things about going to a Lady Gaga show is seeing so many of fans in crazy outfits, emulating some of her famous ensembles. I wish I was one of those kids on-stage drinking Jameson with her that night.&nbsp; </p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/008-asgc189rig7rpb9yt8a8itdojn61orzjwaaf.jpg","/photos/born-this-way-baby/009-10iq2h6q2emw8kt9zfj5swfwn5ukgldi59np.jpg"]},{"title":"sALVAGING tHE SHOT","text":"<p>Shooting from the crowd isn’t easy as arms and heads can get in the way and ruin a good photo. That’s almost what happened with the shot below, but after an hour or two in Photoshop (and croppings from countless other shots in my library) I managed to salvage this shot of the infamous Born This Way bike. </p><p>Along with capturing great memories and having a few shots to add to my music photography portfolio, shooting from the crowd at gigs like these gives me a rare opportunity to grab photos the professionals wouldn’t get a chance to. I’m glad I have these photos, as they also serve to remind me that those hours queuing up in horrible weather were well worth it.&nbsp;</p>","photos":["/photos/born-this-way-baby/010-70y2r57vff3fecdi74gcfn4i8hy0t3xrubf7.jpg"]}]