---
title: "Dogs of Dubrovnik"
subtitle: null
date: "August 20th, 2019"
order: 12
type: "story"
categories: []
coverImage: "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/000-photo.jpg"
photos:
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/001-9gk25hptq1wehkar6f8zo6kpw61bph614ypp.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/002-wztfc4x8lbchgz0hkgyoepxx3wt5z81djqha.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/003-tw18sigzciektyx2o9ew38fnmrcg4y88h5oh.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/004-4g70c3cbfgnlbl6muhnkzwg1n1v09vpqryoy.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/005-h9eklgeyrcj7g6jwbzs89pw4zopno4aiznby.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/006-z58jdgxzsmk82zj1hm8uko70dahextsqam9a.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/007-b4fab7enpt90tr1jeyt0fxudqjjafoa3fzuz.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/008-80mb8et7kn8g657uceqpm4k9dzlcdth43m94.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/009-xl74oqkfamwo9e75624r084e2sniyycxgfur.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/010-8wna2a0eozw770vsshmk5edw42z9s6q10pq5.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/011-vkrunsgwm6ogxztjpit7wn6jhqroulbupoaa.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/012-27a2zvlag13ebj6q2y3nw3qyzzb6xoczgulw.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/013-wft32y0znrcx2jw0ae02ec2exnap7l75qj81.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/014-v7qqmoj6keekb3962m66wb3aqmgbzp972vgi.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/015-dqavmnezacrb16ip9090v6gyysj9tu9g6199.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/016-adujxy8b7ziukl0h3n1atj6yrivitgxei6du.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/017-kgevjol8ojck29m74m5t2rht8scx14qugk34.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/018-roskyq0mrguq1sil0so4p726tzosp1kf6kun.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/019-ykc03x96vm9ueaq8w74yipvipym4wk4j2463.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/020-p5xj277mvp7uvg9a54jt84lfvk4vhwn21j7j.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/021-rej3pptaz1tah6hbd4q4ckrwia6fnsekke7d.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/022-rljvukypjjawze36aps4qd9l1l4lroyoqvob.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/023-wrosq6afeep0hbc695izlhs8m20murde4erf.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/024-cc7oupv5s2eqdu9pro6gwm0o9hncts4sa98y.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/025-myhzwlbh35aen6a7cq0j54jrha8vywljpohs.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/026-bj9p11iaj2379aa2ii21vm9fi8tacixcjfdh.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/027-3btxrhua8i27izq95iuzsm1t3ilazxxscsgu.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/028-3d85oxdtsvxe14hf26mic5i93gos4qef2ecz.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/029-jowhbnnviny34ja5q34boq29g8nug19cdmut.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/030-c53uz20rkvc8miz8i4jwor8z47dicnafo063.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/031-6sjw0ao7tw3pr3wh5l2z473pjspggsorgs2h.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/032-mrtmcq0v5rjfbbeeih7w7nr1v6xsha3tn1ls.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/033-l37ha1ib53ry8dor07sbxr6gd6bc5r5a9gp1.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/034-ndnqm3l3y1id1zsmx7i9b8a71ai4yk4pbwkg.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/035-ph_jg9l8ba69uqazrny.jpg"
  - "/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/036-ph_log7wlnpvdpmhx0i.jpg"
description: null
footnotes: "Photos taken by me using Sony A7ii with 55mm, with a few from Michael too - thanks Mikey!"
---
[{"title":null,"text":"<p> </p>","photos":[]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>While on holiday in Croatia, my boyfriend Mikey and I visited Zarkovica Animal Shelter near Dubrovnik. We'd come across the shelter on <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/Attraction_Review-g295371-d10716189-Reviews-Zarkovica_Animal_Shelter-Dubrovnik_Dubrovnik_Neretva_County_Dalmatia.html?m=19905\">Trip Advisor</a> and instantly put it high on our holiday priorities.</p><p>The animal shelter is home to over 300 dogs, most of which are free to roam the grounds. When we first arrived most of the dogs were taking shelter from the sun under trees and in their kennels, but a few came and greeted us and led us through their territory.&nbsp;</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/001-9gk25hptq1wehkar6f8zo6kpw61bph614ypp.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p> </p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/002-wztfc4x8lbchgz0hkgyoepxx3wt5z81djqha.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/003-tw18sigzciektyx2o9ew38fnmrcg4y88h5oh.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/004-4g70c3cbfgnlbl6muhnkzwg1n1v09vpqryoy.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/005-h9eklgeyrcj7g6jwbzs89pw4zopno4aiznby.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/006-z58jdgxzsmk82zj1hm8uko70dahextsqam9a.jpg"]},{"title":"ORIGIN","text":"<p>We met two volunteers that day who gave us the tour and talked about Zarkovica's history. Melissa, a kind volunteer from England, explained how it all started with Sandra, a Croatian war veteran who, after serving her country in the Yugoslav Wars, dedicated her life to helping these animals in great need.&nbsp;</p><p>Sandra lives in a metal container on the site and tends to these dogs every day, taking only a 3 hour break to sleep, eat and clean herself. Her dedication to these dogs and complete selflessness is truly heart-warming.</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/007-b4fab7enpt90tr1jeyt0fxudqjjafoa3fzuz.jpg"]},{"title":"Adoptable","text":"<p>The volunteers spend a lot of time walking and playing with the dogs in an effort to ensure they're well socialised and extra adoptable. So if you're looking for a new family member you can adopt a dog from here! Mikey and I fell in love with many of the dogs, including Amigo the stunning crossbreed with very striking eyes.&nbsp;</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/008-80mb8et7kn8g657uceqpm4k9dzlcdth43m94.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/009-xl74oqkfamwo9e75624r084e2sniyycxgfur.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/010-8wna2a0eozw770vsshmk5edw42z9s6q10pq5.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>I could help but fall for the charms of this adorable little puppy.&nbsp;</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/011-vkrunsgwm6ogxztjpit7wn6jhqroulbupoaa.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/012-27a2zvlag13ebj6q2y3nw3qyzzb6xoczgulw.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/013-wft32y0znrcx2jw0ae02ec2exnap7l75qj81.jpg"]},{"title":"REBUILD","text":"<p>The shelter is situated on a hill overlooking the bustling city of Dubrovnik below. It's subject to harsh conditions - the scorching heat of the sun in the summer, and violent thunderstorms in the autumn and winter. Only a few months ago the shelter was devastated by powerful winds, destroying most of the kennels and leaving the dogs without homes and shelter from the storm. The team worked tirelessly to piece the shelter back together, but they're still working towards restoring it and need money, building supplies and volunteers to help out.</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/014-v7qqmoj6keekb3962m66wb3aqmgbzp972vgi.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/015-dqavmnezacrb16ip9090v6gyysj9tu9g6199.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/016-adujxy8b7ziukl0h3n1atj6yrivitgxei6du.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/017-kgevjol8ojck29m74m5t2rht8scx14qugk34.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/018-roskyq0mrguq1sil0so4p726tzosp1kf6kun.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/019-ykc03x96vm9ueaq8w74yipvipym4wk4j2463.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/020-p5xj277mvp7uvg9a54jt84lfvk4vhwn21j7j.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/021-rej3pptaz1tah6hbd4q4ckrwia6fnsekke7d.jpg"]},{"title":"Hope","text":"<p>With no help from the government, the shelter relies on donations to keep going. There's no running water or electricity, so the local Fire Service kindly volunteer their time to deliver large barrels of water for the residents.&nbsp;</p><p>When I first walked through the shelter I felt so sad for these dogs, but as I spent more time getting to know the volunteers and learning more about the shelter's origins, my feelings changed to those of appreciation and positivity. The people here care so much and it really shows. The dogs are happy, cared for and loved.&nbsp;</p><p>If you need your faith in humanity restored, I urge you visit Zarkovica Animal Shelter. The team are amazing and genuinely care so deeply for these dogs.</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/022-rljvukypjjawze36aps4qd9l1l4lroyoqvob.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p> </p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/023-wrosq6afeep0hbc695izlhs8m20murde4erf.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/024-cc7oupv5s2eqdu9pro6gwm0o9hncts4sa98y.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/025-myhzwlbh35aen6a7cq0j54jrha8vywljpohs.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/026-bj9p11iaj2379aa2ii21vm9fi8tacixcjfdh.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/027-3btxrhua8i27izq95iuzsm1t3ilazxxscsgu.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/028-3d85oxdtsvxe14hf26mic5i93gos4qef2ecz.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/029-jowhbnnviny34ja5q34boq29g8nug19cdmut.jpg"]},{"title":"THEY NEED OUR HELP","text":"<p><strong>This is the part where I ask for your help to make a difference.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>All of the dogs are regularly vaccinated, microchipped and neutered, however there are some dogs who are quite ill, with skin issues and other medical problems. Since the shelter depends entirely on donations, I'd ask you to consider donating to help these animals.&nbsp;</p><p>The donations go towards feeding the dogs, buying materials for new shelters and giving the dogs the medical care they need. If you could spare a few pounds to donate to the shelter I don't think you'd find anyone more grateful than the team of volunteers at Zarkovica.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>I've created a JustGiving page to collect donations to send to the shelter. I'd be so grateful if you could spare some change to help reach the target of £300 that would make a huge difference to the dogs. </strong></p><p><strong>Donate here - </strong><a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/zarkovica-dogs\">https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/zarkovica-dogs</a></p><p> </p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/030-c53uz20rkvc8miz8i4jwor8z47dicnafo063.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>Here's a few of the dogs in urgent need of medical attention.</p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/031-6sjw0ao7tw3pr3wh5l2z473pjspggsorgs2h.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/032-mrtmcq0v5rjfbbeeih7w7nr1v6xsha3tn1ls.jpg","/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/033-l37ha1ib53ry8dor07sbxr6gd6bc5r5a9gp1.jpg"]},{"title":"Thank you","text":"<p>If you've made it this far, thanks for taking the time to read about the shelter and the lovely people and dogs who live and work there. If you ever find yourself in Southern Croatia I recommend visiting this place and have you heart warmed! ☺️</p><p>Check out Zarkovica's website to learn more and see the dogs available for adoption: <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://www.zarkovicaanimalshelter.com/\">https://www.zarkovicaanimalshelter.com</a></p>","photos":["/photos/dogs-of-dubrovnik/034-ndnqm3l3y1id1zsmx7i9b8a71ai4yk4pbwkg.jpg"]}]