---
title: "Hybrid Conf"
subtitle: null
date: "August 27th, 2015"
order: 31
type: "story"
categories: []
coverImage: "/photos/hybrid-conf/000-photo.jpg"
photos:
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/001-nqe51vsfsgi4quxr74g0ldkvezyta9k9lypv.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/002-mkwycodhhugnwmi89r0ikxglcsdcxrbguv1v.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/003-lp8mubdfe2l3ow29miealgyfjvw019k9f1xs.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/004-a19rctwmojgrdx6ruqbwlexd32uzncdi5wyn.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/005-yigxu6ntwkf8yqfrb0xuyw79tqpvie3b1qwf.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/006-ym1e5g7h7aatt9u2nvcx8r5q9z4cxr1dov3s.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/007-bk7n3esui2t3ayvi3n4w8a7w7rg22o6rdri8.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/008-zhvma119u2zz1tt9yu5pbfzc06ixjemi4j52.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/009-rzs94ds3tz0vn29fo0dh2i2c1t9be29irlyx.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/010-iiibel6e60fwdn29iaawj6ufq822csor79ih.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/011-bl07zcdo2na02j4idof1gn65fav2t9h50k9h.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/012-oco0m4vr83vunmibkq2egb9r8b0529fgyyt1.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/013-6l6uou3tjg8vkj4itfqss6frfkmrhpvi8mwb.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/014-bmpkiy10fu2chaor3gweybhryffxbt9g2at1.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/015-e4me93a901s2lnmirvjcguchiio1or55347x.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/016-elqu531iuw6rbe2958daw1fbw8bk2o6rla6r.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/017-5smu7jxnp0roogvij13zgeutgyjmunmi5tr3.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/018-0ww0kz6jdc1pp66rk8ujbsb00p9tqpvioin0.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/019-4sd6ev4qim1s8aor2n5baqmbfllnb3xrmavs.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/020-ikjy4adzz32nvcxr2lj0mq4zsoewb3xr5y9n.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/021-wg5k3ar5zj5g66rf5b0g1pa56dsfw29an61e.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/022-hjy2vw75yduz0k9oqkqz81ij6wuq5mipfqx2.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/023-zffgv0gdycr3sorsr2frrbu1p5y7gb945rp5.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/024-it2a2u449hir7ldi6b27b6rvuhr27qfr0wqc.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/025-azncs1nqjpx03sori1vlj6ryq7k9ms4iy0kq.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/026-7ouryhrzuasgu8frer1ytmz2tricnmi0tqe2.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/027-xnvf3sldnvfs9k9fb1pzw9dj7s6ecdid3blu.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/028-a98u633frai0y66rtaz4cy3m41dzpviou248.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/029-yeqdnyg2ynvwvcxrd400tdk7rmzyf1orqb73.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/030-e1pgk5et5k4kj4iemtc2j90s7jmunmix6e0x.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/031-x2faj7iviqvholxre0gr7ymc5t2csor6oxoe.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/032-bswjyawossymygb9ay24bublkf647vi1u1ht.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/033-nmq3gus11my7rpb9aaqc456q2jfw29s2e7k5.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/034-ph_jg9l8ba69uqazrny.jpg"
  - "/photos/hybrid-conf/035-ph_log7wlnpvdpmhx0i.jpg"
description: "This year I had the opportunity to attend a web conference like no other. After seeing hundreds of tweets about the conference in previous years, I was ecstatic that I was able to attend Hybrid this year, thanks to my lovely place of work, Eyekiller! :) "
footnotes: "Photos taken with Sony a580 using 35mm f/1.8 lens and a few with iPhone 5s"
---
[{"title":null,"text":"<p>This year I had the opportunity to attend a web conference like no other. After seeing hundreds of tweets about the conference in previous years, I was ecstatic that I was able to attend <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://hybridconf.net/\">Hybrid</a> this year, thanks to my lovely place of work, <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://www.eyekiller.com/\">Eyekiller</a>! :) </p>","photos":[]},{"title":"Dublin, we are in you","text":"<p><span>After picking up one of my good friends&nbsp;<a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/sineadotoole\">Sinead</a>, we set off on our road trip, from Belfast to Dublin on Wednesday evening. </span></p><p><span>Hybrid was held at Dublin City University, with the talks happening inside The Helix. The sun was shining, people were smiling, and the talks were about to kick off. </span> </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/001-nqe51vsfsgi4quxr74g0ldkvezyta9k9lypv.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/002-mkwycodhhugnwmi89r0ikxglcsdcxrbguv1v.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>Armed with my lanyard and a fantastic Hybrid goody bag filled with stickers, stationery and even a few Tattlys (designy temporary tattoos), I sat down in the auditorium and soaked up the incredible talks. </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/003-lp8mubdfe2l3ow29miealgyfjvw019k9f1xs.jpg"]},{"title":"OLD FRIENDS & NEW","text":"<p>It was great to see another familiar face at the conference, as <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/aarondgilmore\">Aaron</a> swooped up a ticket just days before the event kicked off. I also got the chance to meet one of my Twitter friends in real life, as we arranged to stay in a shared apartment close to the university. <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/robsterlini\">Rob</a> turned out to be even lovelier in person. </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/004-a19rctwmojgrdx6ruqbwlexd32uzncdi5wyn.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/005-yigxu6ntwkf8yqfrb0xuyw79tqpvie3b1qwf.jpg"]},{"title":"saved by the bowling","text":"<p>On Thursday evening after the talks ended, we were headed to Leisureplex Coolock, for a night of 90’s themed bowling, beers and throwing some shapes. Along with Aaron, Sinead and myself, our team included Hybrid’s very own MC, <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/carlsmith\">Carl</a>, and official Hybrid photographer, <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/danrubin\">Dan</a>. I couldn’t have asked for better team members, as the night was filled with so much laughter. It was awesome to be cheered on by Carl even when I threw one too many gutter balls! </p><p>The next day bowling prizes were about to be dished out. What I didn’t expect there to be was a prize for the best dancing of the night, which led to Sinead &amp; I walking red-faced to the stage to collect our super cute prizes! Haha, thanks guys! </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/006-ym1e5g7h7aatt9u2nvcx8r5q9z4cxr1dov3s.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/007-bk7n3esui2t3ayvi3n4w8a7w7rg22o6rdri8.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/008-zhvma119u2zz1tt9yu5pbfzc06ixjemi4j52.jpg"]},{"title":"Aim to misbehave","text":"<p>Cards Against Humanity has provided my friends &amp; I with hysterical laughter and fun for years, as it’s our go-to game for parties (Rummikub requires too much brain power after a few drinks…). I was very excited to see CAH’s Community Manager, Jenn Bane added to Hybrid’s speaker list. Her talk did not disappoint, as like the game it provided a lot of laughs, as well as some interesting insights into how the team operate. </p><p>Jenn very kindly handed me the Cards Against Humanity Design Pack after we got chatting following her talk. As you would expect, they’re both vulgar and hilarious. </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/009-rzs94ds3tz0vn29fo0dh2i2c1t9be29irlyx.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/010-iiibel6e60fwdn29iaawj6ufq822csor79ih.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/011-bl07zcdo2na02j4idof1gn65fav2t9h50k9h.jpg"]},{"title":"99 & a flake","text":"<p>We soon realised that Zach and Laura arranged an extra special treat during one of the breaks when we heard the tune of an approaching ice cream van!</p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/012-oco0m4vr83vunmibkq2egb9r8b0529fgyyt1.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/013-6l6uou3tjg8vkj4itfqss6frfkmrhpvi8mwb.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/014-bmpkiy10fu2chaor3gweybhryffxbt9g2at1.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"Doin’ it right. <p> </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/015-e4me93a901s2lnmirvjcguchiio1or55347x.jpg"]},{"title":"Draplin","text":"After meeting Aaron Draplin and watching him speak a few years ago at Build Conference in Belfast, I’ve been a huge fan of his work, so I was delighted to discover he’d be closing Hybrid’s talks on Friday evening.","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/016-elqu531iuw6rbe2958daw1fbw8bk2o6rla6r.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/017-5smu7jxnp0roogvij13zgeutgyjmunmi5tr3.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/018-0ww0kz6jdc1pp66rk8ujbsb00p9tqpvioin0.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/019-4sd6ev4qim1s8aor2n5baqmbfllnb3xrmavs.jpg"]},{"title":"Hey, i know you from twitter!","text":"Getting to meet so many of the awesome people I follow on Twitter has been the highlight of Hybrid for me. When internet friends become IRL friends &lt;3","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/020-ikjy4adzz32nvcxr2lj0mq4zsoewb3xr5y9n.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/021-wg5k3ar5zj5g66rf5b0g1pa56dsfw29an61e.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/022-hjy2vw75yduz0k9oqkqz81ij6wuq5mipfqx2.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/023-zffgv0gdycr3sorsr2frrbu1p5y7gb945rp5.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/024-it2a2u449hir7ldi6b27b6rvuhr27qfr0wqc.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>Write your story here. (Optional)</p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/025-azncs1nqjpx03sori1vlj6ryq7k9ms4iy0kq.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>I had a feeling <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/scott_riley\">Scott Riley </a>would be awesome in person. I was right. </p><p>His talk on “Re-learning to love the web” was both engaging, and highly entertaining. I don’t think I’ve ever laughed so much during a talk, and that’s a big thing to say when you’ve heard <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/Mr_Bingo\">Mr Bingo</a> speak. </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/026-7ouryhrzuasgu8frer1ytmz2tricnmi0tqe2.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"The super niice people of Hybrid ;)","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/027-xnvf3sldnvfs9k9fb1pzw9dj7s6ecdid3blu.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/028-a98u633frai0y66rtaz4cy3m41dzpviou248.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/029-yeqdnyg2ynvwvcxrd400tdk7rmzyf1orqb73.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/030-e1pgk5et5k4kj4iemtc2j90s7jmunmix6e0x.jpg"]},{"title":null,"text":"<p>Smile, you’re at <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/search?src=typd&amp;q=%23hybridconf\">#hybridconf!</a> :) </p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/031-x2faj7iviqvholxre0gr7ymc5t2csor6oxoe.jpg"]},{"title":"Thank you Zach & Laura!","text":"<p>I just want to give a massive thank you to both <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/zachinglis\">Zach</a> and <a rel=\"ugc noopener\" href=\"https://twitter.com/teawithlemon\">Laura</a> who organised this amazing conference, you did one heck of a job. I’ve come away from the event feeling refreshed, inspired and so thankful that I got the chance to meet so many new people, many of which I’ve admired for years. It was an incredible few days and I miss seeing the people whose tweets I follow every day, in person. I’m hoping our paths will cross again very soon!</p>","photos":["/photos/hybrid-conf/032-bswjyawossymygb9ay24bublkf647vi1u1ht.jpg","/photos/hybrid-conf/033-nmq3gus11my7rpb9aaqc456q2jfw29s2e7k5.jpg"]}]